Sessions and authentication are an important part of an hour.
Any time you have users and sign in and registration in and out you have to manage this you have to
make sure that users can sign in to your app they can view their profile and their profile only and
that when they refresh the page and if they're already signed in there still sign and then up.
That's where we expect that's a typical behavior in any app that you have to be a member of.
And in this day and age that's most webapps.
So you'll find yourself having to build session management over and over and over again.
It's an important skill to develop because if you do it incorrectly you have issues like users not being
able to log into a now or even users having the ability to access parts of a Web site that they shouldn't
have access to.
So in this section Gardner learn about JWT and sessions and JWT stands for Jason whapped opens.
Don't worry we're going to learn all about that.
But the main purpose of this section is to learn how to have protected and protected routes where we're
able to have users authenticate into our app receive a token back from the server in order for them
to use this token to access whatever they have rights to access such as their profile and also makes
changes to that profile.
By the end of it you're going to be able to take this knowledge and manage sessions in a secure and
efficient manner.
It is a complex topic but a really fun one when you have everything finally working together.
So be patient because we're going to get there the way we're going to start this section is by learning
a few basics then actually building out a profile page on our smart brain now where a user can log in
and modify their profile and we're going to incorporate sessions into that so that users are able to
only access their own profile their profile only and not other people's profile.
Let's keep on learning.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.